Python

class 1

1. python describe in 7 terms
2. why python in 3 points
3. comments 2 types 
4. how to name a variable
5. different types of variables
6. to find the data type of the variable
7. to concatenate 2 strings - 2ways
8. to concatenate a string and an integer
9. when u add an integer and a string the result is of what data type
10.to print boolean value using a relational expression
11.four different collection datatypes in python
12.to concatenate two inputs given by the user
13.to add two inputs given by the user

class 2

1. list explain in 2 terms
2. indexing explain
3. 2 types of indexing with an example each
4. slicing explain
5. 2 types of slicing with an example each
6. to reverse the order of the elements in the list
7. to print elements in the list alternatively
8. what is the start stop and step index in the previous problem
9. to update a list
10. to add an element to the end of the list
11. to insert an element at a particular index in the list
12. to remove an element in the list using the value of the element
13. to remove an element in the list using the index value of the element
14. to find the number of elements in the list
15. to find the datatype of variable list2
16. to add a sequence element to the end of the list
17. does append command take only 1 argument
18. to insert a sequence of elements at a particular index of the list
19. to remove a sequence of elements in the list using the value of the elements
20. does remove command take only 1 argument
21. to remove a sequence of elements in the list using the index no of the elements

class 3

1. to add an element to the end of the tuple
2. to insert an element at a particular index in the tuple
3. to remove an element in the tuple using the value of the element
4. to remove an element in the tuple using the index value of the element
5. to remove the entire tuple
6. so from this is tuple mutable or immutable
7. is list mutable or immutable
8. to update the value of a key in the dictionary
9. to add a key-value pair in the dictionary
10. to update a key in the dictionary (assuming the same value before and after replacement of the key)
11. to print one element from a set
12. is indexing possible in a set
13. to add an element to the set
14. to add 2 sets 2 ways
15. to display the common elements of both the sets 2 ways
16. to remove an element in the set
17. to remove all the elements in the set and make the set empty
18. to delete the set itself 
19. is set mutable or immutable
20. create a function to add two mumbers.
21. in the previous problem which is the parameter and the argument
22. create a function to concatenate two names and print the result

class 4

1. without using input method create a function to subtract two numbers
2. using input method create a function to subtract two numbers
3. using input method create a function to concatenate two names and print the result
4. using iter and next method print each and every element of the list one by one
5. using  iterator print each and every element of the list one by one
6. using iterator print sum after every iteration
7. using another iterator method which takes number as an argument print 1st 10 natural numbers
8. using iterator to print the subtracion of all the numbers and multiplication of all the numbers in the list
9. using iterator print multiplication after every iteration
10. to check whether an element is present in the list
11. to check whether an element is not present in the list
12. to display the element in the list with the maximum and minimum value
13. to display the index number of a given character in the string
14. to display the index number of a given character in the string after a certain index no
15. to display a sequence of numbers of a given list given the starting and the ending no
16. string formatting  - using operator method - to insert 1 argument and many arguments within a string

class 5

1. to read the text written to a text file
2. to write text into the text file
3. to append text into the text file
4. to check if a number is even or odd
5. to check whether the student passed or failed (consider passing mark as 35)
6. to check if a number is greater or lesser or equal to the other number
7. to overwrite the text into the text file and read the text file
8. to add text into the text file without overwriting it and read the text file

class 6

1. create a function using positional arguments
2. create a function using keyword arguments
3. create a function using default arguments
4. create a function using keyword and  arguments
5. create a function to give a variable number of input arguments to a single variable
6. create a function to give variable number of keyword arguments
7. so kwargs should be called after args also
8. in a given list print the even and odd elements seperately
9. to create a simple calculator with operator and the values on which the operation has to be performed to be taken as input

class 7

1. to create lists seperately for even and odd numbers in the normal way
2. to create lists seperately for even and odd numbers using list comprehension
3. to print the list in ascending order
4. to print the list in descending order
5. to create a dictionary for a list of numbers and their squares in the normal way
6. to create a dictionary for a list of numbers and their squares using dictionary comprehension
7. to create a set which stores values divisible by 3 in the normal way
8. to create a set which stores values divisible by 3 using set comprehension
9. to create a list using if else condition for divisibility by 4 using the normal way
10. to create if else condition for divisibility by 4 using list comprehension
11. to create if else condition for divisibility by 4 using set comprehension
12. to create a set using if else condition for divisibility by 4 using the normal way
13. to take the no of elements as the input and create a list with numbers from 1 to n in the normal way
14. to take the no of elements as the input and create a set with numbers from 1 to n in the normal way
15. to take the no of elements as the input and create a list with numbers from 1 to n using list comprehension
16. to take the no of elements as the input and create a set with numbers from 1 to n using set comprehension

class 8

1. to print 3 expressions using a generator and next keyword
2. to print 3 expressions using a generator and for loop
3. what is a generator
4. name error example
5. zero division error example
6. create an exception handling program for the 4th program
7. create an exception handling program for the 5th program
8. what is exception handling
9. so what will be the output of these two code
a. try:
    print("asbchv")
    print(var)
    print("hello all")
   except:
    print("a name error occured")
b. try:
    print("asbchv")
    print("hello all")
    print(var)
   except:
    print("a name error occured")
10. to create a program to access an element in the list using exception handling
11. to create a program to access an element in the dictionary using exception handling
12. to create a program to access an element in the tuple using exception handling
13. to take two integers as input and add them using exception handling
14. to take two integers as input and add them using fstring and exception handling
15. write a program to understand the function of try , except and finally
16. write a program to open the file write to it and close it
17. to raise a name error in the program using exception handling
18. to raise a zero division error in the program using exception handling
19. to find the smallest in the list
20. to find the largest no in the list
21. to display the alternate elements in the list
22. write a program to delete the odd numbers in the list and print the even numbers

class 9

1. one example of regular expression
2. a. one example of inbuilt module to print the date and time
   b. to print year
   c. to print the shortform and the fullform of the current day
   d. to print only the current date
   e. to print the shortform and the fullform of the current month
   f. we know monday is the 1st day of week like that to find out current day is which day of the week
3. one example of a custom module
4. a. one example of inbuilt module to print sin and cos value
   b. to print the pi value
   c. to print the square root value
   d. built in module to check which os u are working on now
5. custom module to print the output
6. built in module to print random numbers from 1 to 5
7. built in module to print random element from the list
8. built in module to print a database
9. to print the list of different characters(numbers or alphabets or special characters) composing the string.
10. code->in a string made of two or more words to replace the blank space with any input given by the user
11. code-> in a string made of two or more words to split them such that each word is an element stored in the list
12. code -> in a string split the numbers into single digits and store them in the list
13. code-> to combine the digits in list w to a single number
14. code->in a string to split all the words and store every character as an element in the list stored in the list
